---
toc: false
layout: post
description: 5.3 5.4 
categories: [markdown]
title: 5.3 5.4 
---
>  

# Google “What age groups use Facebook” vs “… TikTok”? What does the data say? Is there purposeful exclusion in these platforms? Is it harmful? Should it be corrected? Is it good business?
Facebook has an older age range, typically, the users of facebook are 24 - 35. 

# Why do virtual assistants have female voices? Amazon, Alexa Google, Apple Siri. Was this purposeful? Is it harmful? Should it be corrected? Is it good business?
Female voice can usually being trusted by human and humans have preference. I would not consider it harmful, because the same thing would go it it was a male saying it. 

# Talk about an algorithm that influences your decisions, think about these companies (ie FAANG - Facebook, Amazon, Apple,Netflix, Google)
Does the owner of the computer think this was intentional?
Yes, he think this is intentional because he think it's racist.

# How do you think this happened?
The company didn't run enough test to test this function.

# Is this harmful? Was it intended to be harmful or exclude?
Yes, since it discriminates to a certain group of people
# Should it be corrected?
Yes, this should be corrected.

# What would you or should you do to produce a better outcome?
You an increase the sample size
# We have all experienced Crowdsourcing by using external data through API’s, namely RapidAPI. This data has influenced how we code and shown possibilities in obtaining and analyzing data. Discuss APIs you have used.
We used a stock api to import stock data.

# Describe a crowdsource idea and how you might initiate it in our environment?
People can contribute thru .

# What about Del Norte crowdsourcing? Could your project be better with crowdsourcing?
Yes, the crowdsourcing can give more ideas on how to improve your project and how the project will have all the function working well.

# What kind of data could you capture at N@tM to make evening interesting? Perhaps use this data to impress Teachers during finals week.
We can  show survey data from interviewing people on our jpriject. 

>